We can select any element using tagname, classname or id name
but we also other ways of selection as below:
  i. child selector:
        we can select any immediate child of parent using '>'
    eg: div>p{ color:red; }
    p immediate inside of div have color red.
  ii. descendant selector:
       we can select any element who is descendant of another element using
       space
       eg: div p { color: red; }
    p is the descendant of div 
  iii. sibling selector
    we can select any element which comes right after the other element 
    using +
    h1+p{
        color:red
    }
    p which is coming immediate next of h1 will have color red

 Pseudo selectors:
    we can select elements based on its state or position using : or ::
  Pseudo classes:
   a. :hover  -- works when you keep your mouse over the element
   b. :link  -- works for every anchor tag which is a link
      :active -- works when you click the anchor tag
      :visited -- works when you already visited the anchor tag link
   c. :required -- selects all inputs which have required
      :optional -- selects all inputs which are not required
      :readonly -- selects all inputs which are readonly
      :read-write -- selects all inputs which are not readonly
      :disabled -- selects all inputs which are disabled
      :enabled -- selects all inputs which are not disabled
  d. we can select child items based on their position like
      :first-child -- select the first child 
      :last-child -- select the last child
      :nth-child(number) -- select the child of specific number
      :nth-last-child(number) -- select the child of specific number from last
      we can give even or odd in place of number
      :nth-of-type(number) -- select the child of specific type and specific number
      :nth-of-last-type(number) -- select the child of specific type and specific number from last

there are so many advanced Pseudo classes available in css such as 
:is, :has, :not,:where,:empty etc..,

  Pseudo Elements:
      Pseudo elements are the special selectors which are mentioned followed by ::
   i. ::placeholder -- used to select placeholder of a input
   ii. ::before -- used to select or give content before an element. for assigning content, we can use 'content' property with unicodes
   iii. ::after -- used to select or give content after an element.
   iv. ::first-letter -- used to select an elements text first letter
   v. ::first-line -- used to select an element's first line
 

